DOCS-2886: Update installation instructions to separate OS install (#3477)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/installation/_index.md

{{% toc %}}
{{< /alert >}}

## Platform requirements

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab name="viam-server" %}}

> `viam-server` can run on any SBC that runs a supported operating system:

Reviewer: this is not correct bc mac/windows/linux computers do not have to be SBCs-- the board/computer distinction
```suggestion
`viam-server` can run on any computer that runs a supported operating system:
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Operating System installation

> `viam-server` can run on **any SBC that runs a [supported operating system](#platform-requirements)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`viam-server` can run on **any computer that runs a [supported operating system](#platform-requirements)**, including single-board computers (SBCs) that provide access to GPIO pins and can be configured as [board](/components/board/) components.
```
something like this could be helpful

> For convenience, we provide operating system installation instructions for some popular boards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For convenience, we provide operating system installation instructions for some popular SBCs.
```

Reviewer: could fit with the definition of sbcs above or could define here

Author: yeah nice

> `viam-server` can run on **any computer that runs a [supported operating system](#platform-requirements)**, including single-board computers (SBCs) that provide access to GPIO pins and can be configured as [board](/components/board/) components.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`viam-server` can run on **any computer that runs a [supported operating system](#platform-requirements)**, including single-board computers (SBCs) running 64-bit Linux.
```
I feel like this sentence further adds to the confusion of https://viam.atlassian.net/browse/DOCS-2892

> If you use another board or computer, proceed to [install `viam-server`](/installation/#install-viam-server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use another board or computer, proceed to [install `viam-server`](/installation/#install-viam-server).
```
(opt)

> If you want to use another board or computer which already has a supported operating system installed, proceed to [install `viam-server`](/installation/#install-viam-server).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to use an SBC or other computer which already has a supported operating system installed, proceed to [install `viam-server`](/installation/#install-viam-server).
```
